---
title: Let’s chat!
permalink: "/lets-chat"
---

<p class="text-body-largest text-full-width"><em>I’m piloting a regular meeting slot to chat with folks who are interested in learning more about UX. In the process, I hope to gain a broader understanding of the field by getting to know other practicing (and prospect) product/UX designers✨</em></p>

## Discussions I look forward to having

- I’m interested in chatting with people from underrepresented or marginalized backgrounds, because of a lack of representation and sponsorship for them (us), especially in design and tech. 
- I’m not necessarily looking for people who already work in the field of product or UX design. I myself was never a “product designer” until I started working at Etsy, and I don’t believe that a degree in design (or any degree for that matter) is a prerequisite for being a UX practitioner. 
- If you are a product or UX designer though, I’m interested in getting to know your approach to your practice!
- I love talking about working at Etsy and how we practice human-centered, empathetic design here! That being said, I can’t guarantee that you’ll get recruited, interviewed, or hired. 

## How this will work

1. You’ll sign up for a timeslot [here](https://calendly.com/psyoko/morning-chats). (Mornings only for now, sorry folks outside of the US-Eastern timezone!)
2. We’ll meet and chat! I might take notes!
3. Afterward, I may send you a short follow-up survey about your experience.

## Who am I?

My name is Yoko Sakao Ohama, and I’m a senior product designer at Etsy. I’ve worked at Etsy for about four years—during that time, I’ve worked on a number of different products and initiatives, and I currently work on delivering value to Etsy’s buyers and sellers through improving the shipping and fulfillment experience.

In past lives, I’ve made website templates, wedding invitations and handlettered envelopes, product catalogs, information graphics, tee shirt graphics, leather and metal jewelry, comics, and fanart. I’m still trying to get a zine out into the world. 